the boy held her hand as they walked out of the restaurant. this had been the happiest day of her life yet. it was almost unbelievable how he reached out to her at her lowest like some sort of call scammer but instead turned out to be the most wonderful person she'd met. he then leaned towards her and whispered "dnd supremacy". "yes sir!" she responded giddily . after he gave a final wink and left, the girl decided to go and change into her new clothes. it felt like she had just put on a brand new outfit. it was like nothing she'd ever worn before. the clothes felt light and airy, not too constricting. the fabric was so soft and silky. the color was just right for her and it made her feel like a completely new person. as the girl entered the dressing room she noticed her reflection in the mirror and a little red light appeared at the center of her head. after a few seconds, it started pulsating, as if it were a heart. the girl giggled and touched her new clothes, then she realized she wasn't wearing any underwear under her new outfit. "whoops! i'd better put these on then" she giggled and started taking her clothes off. she put her new outfit on, and as she pulled it over her head she noticed something else - she had a tail. her tail had grown and it curled around her feet. she giggled and put her hands on her tail. it was so soft, as if made from silk or a rayon. she smiled at the new feeling, like she was a cat, running and jumping around the room. then, she heard the door of the dressing room open, and saw the boy walk in. "uh hohohohohohohohohoh! are you a new character?" he asked with a look of concern in his eyes. she giggled as she got off the floor and walked over to him, curtsying. "yes, my name is cinderella" she giggled and shook his hand. "i'm not sure how i'll remember your name. i'm usually a good speller, but this is a bit harder than usual" he answered. the girl giggled again and replied "i'm not sure, but i hope i don't get it wrong like you're name" she giggled and looked at his outfit. she giggled at the contrast of his outfit and hers. she smiled at him, and he smiled back. it made her happy. she wanted to cuddle with him, but she didn't want to disturb his outfit. she wanted to cuddle with him and feel the softness of his tail, but she couldn't get too close to him, not before she got her new outfit on. she looked down at her tail, and giggled. she giggled and shook her head, trying to get it out of her hair. she then noticed that her tail was curling around her feet again. she giggled at that, as if she were a cat. she giggled, looking back at her tail, as she started to pull it off. as she pulled it off she saw a small package fall out from it. she giggled as she pulled the package off. it had a small card that said "it has been a pleasure to serve you." she giggled, then she giggled and pulled it into her mouth and ate it. she then looked down at her tail, and giggled. then she giggled and pulled it into her mouth. she then looked at the boy, who was also smiling at her. he had this strange look in his eyes. she giggled at that, but it turned into a grin as she looked back at him. then she pulled his tail and laughed. then she pulled him down, and giggled as she put her head on his tail. he was startled by this but giggled at it. she giggled as she put her hands under him. she was wearing this new outfit because it was his favorite color, red. "wow, your tail is so soft. it's like silk" she said, stroking his tail. she giggled. "i hope you like it" she giggled as she pulled his tail out. he giggled back. she giggled as she put his tail back into his hand and she was glad to get it back. she put his hand back onto her tail, as if she were her own tail. she giggled as she pulled his hands away from his tail and started stroking it. she giggled at his reaction to her tail. he was staring at her new outfit and she felt like she needed to put some pants under it. she giggled, she knew that he'd probably see her tail anyway, as she'd have to wear a dress under it. she giggled as she put